.TH mpd_info_screen2 1
.SH NAME
mpd_info_screen2 \- Views graphical info on MPD, the successor to mpd_info_screen, in C++
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B simplearchiver
[\fB\-h | \-\-help\fR]
[ options ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B mpd_info_screen2
shows info on MPD about the currently playing song. By
default, the remaining time, remaining percentage, title, artist, album, and
filename are displayed along with the album art.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Prints the "help text" which lists all options.
.TP
.BR --host=<ip_addr>
The ip-address of the MPD server to connect to.
.TP
.BR --port=<port>
The port of the MPD server to connect to.
.TP
.BR --disable-all-text
Disables showing all text. Only the album art is shown in this case.
.TP
.BR --disable-show-title
Disables showing the title text.
.TP
.BR --disable-show-artist
Disables showing the artist text.
.TP
.BR --disable-show-album
Disables showing the album text.
.TP
.BR --disable-show-filename
Disables showing the filename text.
.TP
.BR --disable-show-remaining
Disables showing the track's remaining time.
.TP
.BR --disable-show-percentage
Disables showing the track's elapsed time percentage.
.TP
.BR --align-text-right
Aligns the displayed text to the right (instead of to the left).
.TP
.BR --pprompt
If MPD requires a password to authenticate with, \fBmpd_info_screen2\fR will
prompt for a password if this option is specified. It is expected for the user
to enter the password to authenticate with MPD, and to press Enter after the
password has been input. Invalid passwords should result in
\fBmpd_info_screen2\fR to prompt for a password again.
.TP
.BR --pfile=<filename>
If MPD requires a password to authenticate with, \fBmpd_info_screen2\fR will
read the file specified by \fB\-\-pfile=<filename>\fR to get the password and
will use it to authenticate with MPD.
.TP
.BR --no-scale-fill
When drawing the album art, \fBmpd_info_screen2\fR will not scale the album art
to the window if this is specified.
.TP
.BR --align-album-art-left
When drawing the album art, align the image to the left. This option is mutually
exclusive with \fB\-\-align\-album\-art\-right\fR. If neither options are
specified, then the image is centered.
.TP
.BR --align-album-art-right
When drawing the album art, align the image to the right. This option is
mutually exclusive with \fB\-\-align\-album\-art\-left\fR. If neither options
are specified, then the image is centered.
.TP
.BR --log-level=<level>
Sets the verbosity/log-level of outputs from \fBmpd_info_screen2\fR. The
possible options are: ERROR, WARNING, DEBUG, VERBOSE. Note that the log-level
name check is case-insensitive.
.TP
.BR --bg-opacity=<percentage>
Sets the opacity/transparency of the text backgrounds. Must be between 0.0 and
1.0.
.TP
.BR --default-font-filename=<font_filename>
Sets the default font by filename for texts.
.TP
.BR --force-default-font
Forces all text displayed to only be the default font.
.TP
.BR --force-default-font-ascii
Forces all ascii text displayed to only use the default font.
.TP
.BR --blacklist-font-str=<string>
When fetching known fonts to use for an info text line, don't use fonts whose
filename contains one of the string(s) specified by
\fB\-\-blacklist\-font\-str=<string>\fR. Note that this option can be specified
multiple times to add more strings to check against.
.TP
.BR --remaining-force-default-raylib-font
Forces the remaining time text and the percentage text to use the default
Raylib font.
.TP
.BR --font-scale-factor=<factor>
Sets the scale factor for all font sizes. By default, this is set to "1.0", and
this value must be greater than zero.
.TP
.BR --remaining-font-scale-factor=<factor>
Sets the scale factor for the remaining font text. Note that the "remaining"
font text is the remaining time and elepsed percentage. By default, this is set
to "1.0", and this value must be greater than zero. Also note that this option
holds precedence over \fB\-\-font\-scale\-factor=<factor>\fR .
.TP
.BR --version
Prints the current version of \fBmpd_info_screen2\fR.
.SH NOTES
.TP
.BR "Supported Font Filetypes"
Note that ".ttc" files are not supported (by Raylib) and will not be used.
